# Network Everything
Journal #3: 22 Feb 2018 : <br/>
Sometimes, things go missing, but you are unsure whether you are imagining things, or not. 
I wanted a way to control the flow of things, which leads to the epitome of petty:a box that alerts you when someone opens it. 
There will be a button inside the box, that would be pressed whenever the box is closed. When the box is opened, in other words, when the button is no longer pressed, arduino would send an email to the owner, which indicates the box has been opened. As we are discussing petty, adding a camera to take a photo would be fun. <br/><br/>


Journal #2 : 1 Feb 2018 (IOTs):<br/>
- Useful: <a href="https://vitalconnect.com/"> VitalConnect </a> <br/>
This biosensor is commonly called as "HealthPatch". As the name implies, it is a collection of biosensors that sticks to the chest to monitor various health conditions such as: heart rate, respiration, temperature, number of steps, sleep cycle, stress levels, and whether the user has fallen, according to an article in <a href="https://www.postscapes.com/wireless-biometric-patch-healthpatch-md/"> Postscapes. </a> Doctors have access to their patient's real-time health data and could monitor the state of the patients from the . In short, it is a fitbit 2.0 that connects the patients and the doctors in an immediate fashion. So, in case of emergency or a serious health condition, without having to be hospitalized and hooked in multitudes of machinery, a single patch does the job. If my family member or anyone were to be in a severe health condition, I would most likely urge them to use this device. This device improves people's standards of life, especially at a vulnerable state; why wouldn't this be useful?


- Useless: <a href="http://www.bluesmart.com/"> Bluesmart luggage </a> <br/>
It does some great things: it has a built-in GPS, powerbank, built-in scale, auto-locking and etc. I appreciate its attempts to make travelling more convenient, but I think the extra-ness of this luggage has created another expensive toy. Especially for me, travelling usually consists of air-travel. The luggage also advertises how flight experience would be so much easier with it. However, when these luggages are banned by the airlines and airports from its built-in lithium battery, are they able to carry out their functions? My answer is no. I feel like this could be one of those that do not serve its purpose and end up being the children's plaything.<br/><br/><br/><br/>


Journal #1 : 23 Jan 2018: (Response to Linked, Chapters 1-3)<br/><br/>

Chapter 2, especially, gave me multiples of flashbacks of instances I have been exposed to graph theory. Not only it was a unit of Discrete Mathematics, I seldom randomly watch documentaries or read articles about graph theory and its applications. One of my favorites was using graph theory to increase the efficiency of kidney transplant; the inefficiency primarily rises from mismatch of willing donor's kidney and the patient's. Dr. Sommer Gentry proposed a creation of a network of other donor-patient mismatch to result in more matches. Whether it'd be called "percolation" or "community", connecting pair of nodes together and creating a network does indeed form something special. Often times, the "giant cluster" may even save lives like the kidney network. <br/><br/>
    I admit that there exists a "giant cluster", which may or may not benefit people. But, I am a little bit skeptical on how nodes are holding up this cluster. Honestly, it sounds too good to be true. I mean, often cases, whenever I go on the wikepedia rabbit hole, I don't necessarily go back to my initial topic after hopping between pages. Okay, to be fair, this may not be a clear network afterall. The party example is comparable to Facebook. Although there are freakish coincidences of finding friends with mutual friends of a completely different set ups, I don't think that is sufficient to prove anything. The passing the letter example was amusing, but after six degrees of separation, can you say there is a strong enough connection to claim anything? can you actually say you "know" the person? Network exists, but as a simple node in the equation, it is not easy to visualize the bigger picture of the connected world and the connected web. <br/>
